Admiral
I am one of Jinghai
Zandai City Lord, I accept my fate
Where did Song Tianbao go?
He is the city lord
How can it be your turn to praise it?
The Admiral is the Imperial Preceptor
Changed City Lord Song
Temporarily let Zhang Zihao wait for punishment
What? I gave you my face
How dare you mess with my people
Admiral
I am a temporary appointment
uncountable
Then you are also throwing dirty water.
When the dog leg is exchanged
To put it bluntly, you are one of the tombs of Ouyang?
High total high total
I beg you to save me
Look at our former prisoners, please save me
I don't want to rob the wall grass of this Quan clothing
Nothing to say
Still that
You are a thousand times worse than the tune.
He said that, you still like me
I just feel like
You are a little better than Zhang Zihao, right?
Oh hum come with me
I'll refresh you myself
Let you pay the price for your behavior of going beyond your ancestral robes?
Don't
King Chen, please save me
King Chen, King Chen, please save me
Help me, King Chen is still here
Ah, that's right.
Uh, Lord Titus, I forgot to introduce myself
I am a substitute martial artist arranged by Lord Long Shuai
Now under the jurisdiction of King Chen Zhan
Chen Tianjiao, take your people out of here
I will arrange the Luling ceremony myself